So, I want to create a goal, for example travel to Japan. Ai should anayse the goal, decide which agents are useful and make the queries
to the proper APIs. Eventually the goals are not clear, for example. Do you want to travel alone or with someone, so if we do not have
enough information to analyse the goal, we have to ask the user with ai. Ai should ask just once all the relevant information.
Once we have all the information, we should display step by step what are the tasks needed to achieve the goals. It should have some
checkboxes, financial calculators calculating how much money is needed from today to the deadline.
It should create a checkbox list with all the activities needed for acomplish the goal. Money, Visa, hotel, etc.
This should looks like a "mini dashboard". Every goal eventually is different, so everytime you have to build a goal-dashboard that looks
beautiful and adapts to the goal a hand.

Basd on this document, I want to create the goals-dashboard. So, the idea is that every goal. Should have a beautiful calculator displaying how
   much money is needed per day, week and month to achieve the goal. It should display the step by step with checkboxes planning what's needs to 
  be done. It should have some graphs as well. The idea is that every goal use the agent according at the goal. So, the main agent should route 
  to the other ones to gather information useful for the user to achieve those goals. The user should be informed of what APIs were used. Since 
  every goal is different, the components should be renderer accordingly to the goal from the user. So, let's start planning a list of possible 
  components that the goals should have. I think by default we should have a beautiful calculator displaying the money needed with the option to 
  add or withdraw money to see the advances. Also the checkboxes with the todo list with options for the user to edit as well.

  Since there are some things that we need by default. Just put 1 month as default of the goal. The user should be able to change this deadline    │
│   anytime. 